Now, this is again, a little jarring.
It is like, we are here.
We are not here, right?
We can make this a little bit nicer.
The first thing that we can do is add
a cursor of pointer on our menu and
close that people know that they are,
Interactable, so pointer,
cursor pointer, right?
So now we are getting
that little hand icon.
That is nice.
But again, I would use a button
element if I was redoing this.
And lastly, let's go ahead and
just add a little now transition onto
our navigation so that it slides in as
opposed to just appearing all of a sudden.
So in our now item here,
inside our main query,
let's add a transition, oops, transition.
We want to transition our left property
because that's the property that
we're changing.
So we'll transition left.
I will not make this
mistake again 0.2 seconds.
And let's just say linear is
our function here, right?
Let's see.
Now it slides in and out.
It's not too difficult to add
these little transitions,
as long as you know how to
use that transition property.
Okay, so like I mentioned,
it's much more performance
to animate the position from left to
right than it is to animate the width.
So just keep that in mind if
you do transition elements.
Okay, we need to add all this code to our
speakers file because if we go to our
speakers page, it doesn't work, right?
So let's just go ahead and
copy and paste that over.
What I'm going to do, let's grab this
the svg code here, collapse that,
want that above the CSS Day link.
CSS Day, we'll plop that right in here.
Okay, so now it's applied.
But you'll notice that when we click
the menu icon nothing is going on.
Any idea why?
>> The script is not applied to this page.
>> Sorry?
>> The script is not applied-
>> Aha, yes,
the script is not applied to this page.
We wrote it in our index HTML file.
So since I don't wanna repeat code here,
let's go ahead and make a script file.
I'm gonna copy everything inside of here,
cut it out.
I'll just get rid of this for a second.
And then create an index file.
I'll just create it in the root.
Index.js let's plop it in there.
All right, and then all we need to do
it's import it to both of our files.
So at the bottom of our HTML files,
right above that closing body tag,
let's just add a script, right?
Like we did before.
The source is gonna be in the same folder.
But it's gonna be index.js just like that,
can do that on both pages, like that.
Okay, so now it's working.
I mean, it looks a little silly cuz we
got to fix our colors, but it's working.
Okay so the last part here is to just
fixed the colors on the speakers page.
So in the speakers page,
let's go ahead in our CSS.
What we wanna do at our
breakpoint of 840 pixels that
we've defined previously width,
and we'll do max-width 840 or nav.
We want it to have a background
color of text on primary,
which is white in this case.
Background color var
color-text-on-primary.
Color-text-on-primary.
Let's make sure I get this right.
Okay, did that actually work?
It did, cool.
You'll notice we can still scroll,
when our menu is open which is
maybe not the best user experience.
So let's go ahead and fix that.
To prevent this,
I'm gonna set overflow hidden on the body
element when our menu is active, right?
So first of all write the CSS for this.
Let's call this new class body--no-scroll.
We don't want you to scroll.
We'll just set overflow to hidden, saying
any content that's overflowing, what you
can currently see, we're just gonna
hide it on both the x and y-axis, right?
We don't have any overflow
on the x-axis right now, but
I'm just going to use
that overflow shorthand.
And now, what we need to do is actually
apply this new class to our body element
in our JavaScript as we're like hiding and
showing the menu, right?
So we need to add one more variable here.
We'll call it body.
And I'm just gonna use the Type Selector
to grab the body element
doesn't need that class name,
although, if we look here,
does have a class of body so
maybe I'll just leave it.
And then, the last thing we need
to do here is body.classList.
We need to add that body--no-scroll.
Body no-scroll.
And then, reverse that, remove.
I put this in the speaker CSS file.
Important, scope is important.
So back to the 840 pixel break point here.
Here we go.
I'll just put it at the top.
Okay, now it's accessible
to both of our files.
Cool, no more overflow scrolling issues.
Building responsive sites.
Very cognitively heavy.
But that's it.
If we go and look through our design file,
it looks pretty close at this point.
I would do a design critique with our
designer where they would go through and
tell me what to fix.
We don't have designers here today,
so I say it's good enough.